Tests/YOLOTests/README.md, before:

<a href="https://www.ultralytics.com/"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ultralytics/assets/main/logo/Ultralytics_Logotype_Original.svg" width="320" alt="Ultralytics logo"></a>

# YOLO Test Guide

Welcome to the testing guide for the Ultralytics YOLO iOS application. This directory contains comprehensive tests designed to ensure the robustness and correctness of the [Ultralytics YOLO](https://docs.ultralytics.com/) framework integration within the iOS environment. To execute these tests successfully, you'll need to download and correctly place the required model files first.

## 🧪 Preparation Before Testing

Follow these steps to set up your testing environment.

### 1. Check the Test Resource Directory

Verify that the following directory exists within your project structure:

```
Tests/YOLOTests/Resources/
```

If this directory is missing, create it using the terminal:

```bash
mkdir -p Tests/YOLOTests/Resources/
```

### 2. Obtain the Required Model Files

The tests require specific [Core ML](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coreml) model files (`.mlpackage`). Ensure you have the following files ready:

- `yolo11n.mlpackage`: Standard [object detection](https://docs.ultralytics.com/tasks/detect/) model.
- `yolo11n-seg.mlpackage`: Model for [instance segmentation](https://docs.ultralytics.com/tasks/segment/).
- `yolo11n-cls.mlpackage`: Model for [image classification](https://docs.ultralytics.com/tasks/classify/).
- `yolo11n-pose.mlpackage`: Model for [pose estimation](https://docs.ultralytics.com/tasks/pose/).
- `yolo11n-obb.mlpackage`: Model for [oriented bounding box (OBB)](https://docs.ultralytics.com/tasks/obb/) detection.

### 3. Methods to Acquire Model Files

You can obtain the necessary `.mlpackage` files using one of the following methods:

#### Method 1: Download and Convert Official Models

1.  Download the base [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/) (`.pt`) models from the [Ultralytics GitHub repository](https://github.com/ultralytics/ultralytics) releases or train your own.
2.  Convert these models to the Core ML format using the Ultralytics [`export` mode](https://docs.ultralytics.com/modes/export/). You'll need a [Python](https://www.python.org/) environment with the `ultralytics` package installed (see the [Ultralytics Quickstart guide](https://docs.ultralytics.com/quickstart/) for installation).

```python
from ultralytics import YOLO
from ultralytics.utils.downloads import zip_directory


def export_and_zip_yolo_models(
    model_types=("", "-seg", "-cls", "-pose", "-obb"),
    model_sizes=("n", "s", "m", "l", "x"),
):
    """Exports YOLO11 models to CoreML format and optionally zips the output packages."""
    for model_type in model_types:
        imgsz = [224, 224] if "cls" in model_type else [640, 384]  # default input image sizes
        nms = True if model_type == "" else False  # only apply NMS to Detect models
        for size in model_sizes:
            model_name = f"yolo11{size}{model_type}"
            model = YOLO(f"{model_name}.pt")
            model.export(format="coreml", int8=True, imgsz=imgsz, nms=nms)
            zip_directory(f"{model_name}.mlpackage").rename(f"{model_name}.mlpackage.zip")


# Execute with default parameters
export_and_zip_yolo_models()
```

#### Method 2: Use Ultralytics Pre-Exported Models (If Available)

Check the [Ultralytics YOLO11 model page](https://docs.ultralytics.com/models/yolo11/) or the [Ultralytics HUB Models section](https://docs.ultralytics.com/hub/models/) for potentially available pre-exported Core ML models. Note that direct downloads of `.mlpackage` files might not always be provided, making Method 1 the more reliable approach.

### 4. Place the Model Files

After obtaining or exporting the `.mlpackage` files, move or copy them into the designated resource directory:

```
Tests/YOLOTests/Resources/
```

Ensure the filenames match exactly those listed in step 2.

## ▶️ Running the Tests

With the model files correctly placed, you can run the test suite using either [Swift Package Manager (SwiftPM)](https://www.swift.org/package-manager/) or [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/).

### Using SwiftPM

Navigate to the root directory of the `yolo-ios-app` package in your terminal and run:

```bash
swift test
```

### Using Xcode

1.  Open the `Package.swift` file located in the root directory of the [yolo-ios-app repository](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolo-ios-app) using Xcode.
2.  Wait for Xcode to resolve package dependencies.
3.  Select **Product** > **Test** from the menu bar, or use the shortcut **⌘U**.

Xcode will build the package and execute all the tests defined in the `YOLOTests` target.

## 🛠️ Troubleshooting

Encountering issues? Here are some common problems and solutions:

### "Test model file not found" Error

If you receive an error message indicating that a model file could not be found:

1.  **Verify Path:** Double-check that all required `.mlpackage` files are present directly inside the `Tests/YOLOTests/Resources/` directory.
2.  **Verify Filenames:** Ensure the filenames exactly match the required names (e.g., `yolo11n.mlpackage`, `yolo11n-seg.mlpackage`, etc.). Check for typos or incorrect extensions.
3.  **Check `Package.swift`:** Confirm that the `Resources` directory is correctly specified as a resource for the `YOLOTests` target in the `Package.swift` file. See the [Swift Package Manager documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/bundling-resources-with-a-swift-package) for details on resource bundling.

### Other Issues

If tests fail or you encounter other problems:

1.  **SwiftPM Version:** Ensure your installed Swift Package Manager version is compatible with the project requirements.
2.  **iOS Target:** The project requires [iOS](https://www.apple.com/ios/ios-18/) 16.0 or later. Make sure your testing environment (simulator or device) meets this requirement.
3.  **Framework Availability:** Confirm that the [Core ML](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coreml) and [Vision frameworks](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/vision) are available and correctly linked in your build settings.
4.  **Consult Logs:** Examine the detailed test logs in Xcode or the terminal output for specific error messages that can help pinpoint the issue.
5.  **Check Ultralytics Docs:** Refer to the [Ultralytics documentation](https://docs.ultralytics.com/) or the [FAQ section](https://docs.ultralytics.com/help/FAQ/) for potential solutions and common issues. You might also find relevant discussions on the [Ultralytics Community Forums](https://community.ultralytics.com/).

## Contributing

Contributions to enhance the tests or improve the iOS application are welcome! Please see the [Ultralytics Contributing Guide](https://docs.ultralytics.com/help/contributing/) for more information on how to get started. Thank you for helping improve Ultralytics YOLO!

Commit message:

Update test documentation and force CI refresh
- Add test organization section to README
- Document separation of unit and integration tests
- Force CI to use latest code changes

Tests/YOLOTests/README.md, after:

<a href="https://www.ultralytics.com/"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ultralytics/assets/main/logo/Ultralytics_Logotype_Original.svg" width="320" alt="Ultralytics logo"></a>

# YOLO Test Guide

Welcome to the testing guide for the Ultralytics YOLO iOS application. This directory contains comprehensive tests designed to ensure the robustness and correctness of the [Ultralytics YOLO](https://docs.ultralytics.com/) framework integration within the iOS environment. To execute these tests successfully, you'll need to download and correctly place the required model files first.

## 🧪 Preparation Before Testing

Follow these steps to set up your testing environment.

### 1. Check the Test Resource Directory

Verify that the following directory exists within your project structure:

```
Tests/YOLOTests/Resources/
```

If this directory is missing, create it using the terminal:

```bash
mkdir -p Tests/YOLOTests/Resources/
```

### 2. Obtain the Required Model Files

The tests require specific [Core ML](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coreml) model files (`.mlpackage`). Ensure you have the following files ready:

- `yolo11n.mlpackage`: Standard [object detection](https://docs.ultralytics.com/tasks/detect/) model.
- `yolo11n-seg.mlpackage`: Model for [instance segmentation](https://docs.ultralytics.com/tasks/segment/).
- `yolo11n-cls.mlpackage`: Model for [image classification](https://docs.ultralytics.com/tasks/classify/).
- `yolo11n-pose.mlpackage`: Model for [pose estimation](https://docs.ultralytics.com/tasks/pose/).
- `yolo11n-obb.mlpackage`: Model for [oriented bounding box (OBB)](https://docs.ultralytics.com/tasks/obb/) detection.

### 3. Methods to Acquire Model Files

You can obtain the necessary `.mlpackage` files using one of the following methods:

#### Method 1: Download and Convert Official Models

1.  Download the base [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/) (`.pt`) models from the [Ultralytics GitHub repository](https://github.com/ultralytics/ultralytics) releases or train your own.
2.  Convert these models to the Core ML format using the Ultralytics [`export` mode](https://docs.ultralytics.com/modes/export/). You'll need a [Python](https://www.python.org/) environment with the `ultralytics` package installed (see the [Ultralytics Quickstart guide](https://docs.ultralytics.com/quickstart/) for installation).

```python
from ultralytics import YOLO
from ultralytics.utils.downloads import zip_directory


def export_and_zip_yolo_models(
    model_types=("", "-seg", "-cls", "-pose", "-obb"),
    model_sizes=("n", "s", "m", "l", "x"),
):
    """Exports YOLO11 models to CoreML format and optionally zips the output packages."""
    for model_type in model_types:
        imgsz = [224, 224] if "cls" in model_type else [640, 384]  # default input image sizes
        nms = True if model_type == "" else False  # only apply NMS to Detect models
        for size in model_sizes:
            model_name = f"yolo11{size}{model_type}"
            model = YOLO(f"{model_name}.pt")
            model.export(format="coreml", int8=True, imgsz=imgsz, nms=nms)
            zip_directory(f"{model_name}.mlpackage").rename(f"{model_name}.mlpackage.zip")


# Execute with default parameters
export_and_zip_yolo_models()
```

#### Method 2: Use Ultralytics Pre-Exported Models (If Available)

Check the [Ultralytics YOLO11 model page](https://docs.ultralytics.com/models/yolo11/) or the [Ultralytics HUB Models section](https://docs.ultralytics.com/hub/models/) for potentially available pre-exported Core ML models. Note that direct downloads of `.mlpackage` files might not always be provided, making Method 1 the more reliable approach.

### 4. Place the Model Files

After obtaining or exporting the `.mlpackage` files, move or copy them into the designated resource directory:

```
Tests/YOLOTests/Resources/
```

Ensure the filenames match exactly those listed in step 2.

## ▶️ Running the Tests

With the model files correctly placed, you can run the test suite using either [Swift Package Manager (SwiftPM)](https://www.swift.org/package-manager/) or [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/).

### Using SwiftPM

Navigate to the root directory of the `yolo-ios-app` package in your terminal and run:

```bash
swift test
```

### Using Xcode

1.  Open the `Package.swift` file located in the root directory of the [yolo-ios-app repository](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolo-ios-app) using Xcode.
2.  Wait for Xcode to resolve package dependencies.
3.  Select **Product** > **Test** from the menu bar, or use the shortcut **⌘U**.

Xcode will build the package and execute all the tests defined in the `YOLOTests` target.

## 🛠️ Troubleshooting

Encountering issues? Here are some common problems and solutions:

### "Test model file not found" Error

If you receive an error message indicating that a model file could not be found:

1.  **Verify Path:** Double-check that all required `.mlpackage` files are present directly inside the `Tests/YOLOTests/Resources/` directory.
2.  **Verify Filenames:** Ensure the filenames exactly match the required names (e.g., `yolo11n.mlpackage`, `yolo11n-seg.mlpackage`, etc.). Check for typos or incorrect extensions.
3.  **Check `Package.swift`:** Confirm that the `Resources` directory is correctly specified as a resource for the `YOLOTests` target in the `Package.swift` file. See the [Swift Package Manager documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/bundling-resources-with-a-swift-package) for details on resource bundling.

### Other Issues

If tests fail or you encounter other problems:

1.  **SwiftPM Version:** Ensure your installed Swift Package Manager version is compatible with the project requirements.
2.  **iOS Target:** The project requires [iOS](https://www.apple.com/ios/ios-18/) 16.0 or later. Make sure your testing environment (simulator or device) meets this requirement.
3.  **Framework Availability:** Confirm that the [Core ML](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coreml) and [Vision frameworks](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/vision) are available and correctly linked in your build settings.
4.  **Consult Logs:** Examine the detailed test logs in Xcode or the terminal output for specific error messages that can help pinpoint the issue.
5.  **Check Ultralytics Docs:** Refer to the [Ultralytics documentation](https://docs.ultralytics.com/) or the [FAQ section](https://docs.ultralytics.com/help/FAQ/) for potential solutions and common issues. You might also find relevant discussions on the [Ultralytics Community Forums](https://community.ultralytics.com/).

## Test Organization

The test suite is organized into several categories:

- **Unit Tests**: Pure logic tests that don't require models or hardware
- **Integration Tests**: Tests that require actual models (may be skipped in CI)
- **Mocks**: Clean protocol-based mocks for better testability

## Contributing

Contributions to enhance the tests or improve the iOS application are welcome! Please see the [Ultralytics Contributing Guide](https://docs.ultralytics.com/help/contributing/) for more information on how to get started. Thank you for helping improve Ultralytics YOLO!
